add info on linea contracts (#56)
gitcoinco/passport-docs: pages/building-with-passport/major-concepts/onchain-passports.mdx

The Gitcoin Passport smart contract stack is built on top of Ethereum Attestation Service. Users can opt-in to migrating all their offchain data on-chain in a single click using the [Passport app](https://passport.gitcoin.co).

> The smart contracts are currently deployed on [OP Mainnet](https://chainlist.org/chain/10) and [Linea](https://chainlist.org/chain/59144) ('live' Ethereum layer 2 networks) and [Base Goerli](https://chainlist.org/chain/84531) (a test network) as well as [Verax](https://linea.mirror.xyz/LlLx7IytwRYWQbLlxHr6zoUZjqNQdQ5P95zo3Dcilb0) (an onchain attestation registry).

Reviewer: If we mention Verax, do you think we should also mention EAS here?

Author: Maybe best not to mention Verax here as it could be mistaken for a network equivalent to OP/Goerli.
```suggestion
The smart contracts are currently deployed on [OP Mainnet](https://chainlist.org/chain/10) and [Linea](https://chainlist.org/chain/59144) ('live' Ethereum layer 2 networks) and [Base Goerli](https://chainlist.org/chain/84531) (a test network). Linea users can choose to use EAS or [Verax](https://linea.mirror.xyz/LlLx7IytwRYWQbLlxHr6zoUZjqNQdQ5P95zo3Dcilb0) as its onchain attestation registry, whereas the others use the [Ethereum Attestation Service (EAS)](https://attest.sh) only.
```

Reviewer: Minor suggested edit:

```suggestion
The smart contracts are currently deployed on [OP Mainnet](https://chainlist.org/chain/10) and [Linea](https://chainlist.org/chain/59144) ('live' Ethereum layer 2 networks) and [Base Goerli](https://chainlist.org/chain/84531) (a test network). Linea's attestation registry is called [Verax](https://linea.mirror.xyz/LlLx7IytwRYWQbLlxHr6zoUZjqNQdQ5P95zo3Dcilb0), while Optimism is using [Ethereum Attestation Service (EAS)](https://attest.sh)
```

Author: Is this definitely true? From discord I thought that on Linea a user can choose which registry to use

Reviewer: I was incorrect during our initial conversation. Turns out we push directly to EAS or Verax, but we just push less information to Verax since gas fees are higher. 

I'm still trying to prioritize writing up a doc on all this.
